Storage Handler - Dropbox (#35)
lemonsaurus/blackbox: README.md

- Start Redis server.

## Storage providers

> **Blackbox** can work with different storage providers to save your logs and backups - usually so that you can automatically store them in the cloud. Right now we only support **S3** and **Dropbox**, but we will probably add additional providers in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Blackbox** can work with different storage providers to save your logs and backups - usually so that you can automatically store them in the cloud. Right now we support **S3** and **Dropbox**.
```

- If we can't find these, we'll look for an `.aws/config` file in the local environment.
- NOTE: If the bucket is public, no credentials are necessary.

### Dropbox

> Dropbox storage handler need user access token. For this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dropbox storage handler needs a user access token. For this:
```

- Create Dropbox account (if you don't have).
- Go to https://dropbox.com/developers

> - Create new application with App Folder (full access is not recommended, because without directory defined in connstring will have destructive results).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Create a new application with App Folder (full access is not recommended, because without directory defined in the configuration it will have destructive results).
```

> You can also define custom location (root is App Folder) using 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also define a custom location (root is App Folder) using 
```

`upload_directory` optional parameter. This **should** begin with slash
and **must** end with slash. Default is root. Note that all files in this directory will
be deleted after `retention_days`.

> So connstring may look like:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The configuration connections strings may look like the following:
```

- If we can't find these, we'll look for an `.aws/config` file in the local environment.
- NOTE: If the bucket is public, no credentials are necessary.

### Dropbox

> Dropbox storage handler needs a user access token. For this:
> - Create Dropbox account (if you don't have).
> - Go to https://dropbox.com/developers
> - Create a new application with App Folder (full access is not recommended, because without directory defined in the configuration it will have destructive results).
> 
> You can also define a custom location (root is App Folder) using 
> `upload_directory` optional parameter. This **should** begin with slash
> and **must** end with slash. Default is root. Note that all files in this directory will
> be deleted after `retention_days`.
> 
> The configuration connections strings may look like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dropbox storage handler needs a user access token in order to work. To get one, do the following:
- Create a Dropbox account (if you don't already have one).
- Go to https://dropbox.com/developers
- Create a new application with App Folder access. **Do not give it full access**, as this may have dangerous, destructive consequences if configured incorrectly.

You can also define a custom location (root is App Folder) using the
`upload_directory` optional parameter. This **should** begin with slash
and **must** end with slash. Default is root.

The configuration connections strings may look like the following:
```

> Note that all files in this directory will be deleted after `retention_days`

This is not the intention - we should only be deleting the files that match a certain regex. That regex should match our naming scheme, e.g. if the backup file is named `postgres-2020-01-01.backup` then we should only be matching with something like `r"postgres-\d{4}-\d{2}-\d{2}.backup"`.

I haven't implemented this quite yet, though. I'll open an issue for it.
